dalecurtis@chromium.org
ddorwin@chromium.org
jrummell@chromium.org
sandersd@chromium.org
tommi@chromium.org
xhwang@chromium.org

# For security review of IPC message files.
per-file *_messages*.h=set noparent
per-file *_messages*.h=dcheng@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=inferno@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=jln@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=jschuh@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=kenrb@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=mkwst@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=nasko@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=palmer@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=tsepez@chromium.org
per-file *_messages*.h=wfh@chromium.org

per-file *_param_traits.*=set noparent
per-file *_param_traits.*=dcheng@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=inferno@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=jln@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=jschuh@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=kenrb@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=mkwst@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=nasko@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=palmer@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=tsepez@chromium.org
per-file *_param_traits.*=wfh@chromium.org
